c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\bin\Debug\Memoria.exe.config
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\bin\Debug\Memoria.exe
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\bin\Debug\Memoria.pdb
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.g.resources
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.exe
c:\users\aprendiz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.pdb
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\bin\Debug\Memoria.exe.config
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.exe
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.pdb
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\bin\Debug\Memoria.exe
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\bin\Debug\Memoria.pdb
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.g.resources
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\INSTRUTOR\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Memoria\Memoria\obj\Debug\Memoria.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
